feat(spooler): Add initialization of stacks (#3967)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `EnvelopeStore` trait and implement `DiskUsage` for tracking disk usage. ([#3925](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3925))
- Increase replay recording limit to two hours. ([#3961](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3961))
- Make EnvelopeBuffer a Service. ([#3965](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3965))

> - Add initialization of the `EnvelopeBuffer`. ([#3967](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3967))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow creation of `SqliteEnvelopeBuffer` from config, and load existing stacks from db on startup. ([#3967](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3967))
```
